README.md, before:

# MicroBit

The BBC micro:bit is a handheld, programmable micro-computer that can be used for all sorts of cool creations, from robots to musical instruments – the possibilities are endless.

## Content

* [In The Box](#in-the-box)
* [Chip Layout](#chip-layout)
* [How Does It Work](#how-to-make-it-works)
* [MicroBit Specs And Features](#device's-functionalities-and-features)
* [Programming the MicroBit](#programming-the-microbits)
* [SDK](#sdk)
  * [Become A Developer](#becaome-a-developer)
* [Putting The Device Back](#putting-the-device-back)
* [More Documentations](more-documentations)


## In The Box



## Chip Layout



## How Does It Work

## Environment And Languages

Micro:bit can be programmed using Blocks, JavaScript, and Python. No environment setup required to write code for micro:bit, instead you need just a web browser to access the online editor, write your code and download it to micro:bit.

### Blocks and JavaScript
1. To write code using Blocks or JavaScript go to the online [MakeCode editor](#https://makecode.microbit.org/#)
2. Choose the desired language Blocks or JavaScript from the switch in the middle of the top bar.
3. Write your code
4. Click download to get a .hex file that can be sent to the micro:bit

Commit message:

programming
java, blocks and python

README.md, after:

# MicroBit

The BBC micro:bit is a handheld, programmable micro-computer that can be used for all sorts of cool creations, from robots to musical instruments – the possibilities are endless.

## Content

* [In The Box](#in-the-box)
* [Chip Layout](#chip-layout)
* [How Does It Work](#how-to-make-it-works)
* [MicroBit Specs And Features](#device's-functionalities-and-features)
* [Programming the MicroBit](#programming-the-microbits)
* [SDK](#sdk)
  * [Become A Developer](#becaome-a-developer)
* [Putting The Device Back](#putting-the-device-back)
* [More Documentations](more-documentations)


## In The Box



## Chip Layout



## How Does It Work

## Environment And Languages

Micro:bit can be programmed using Blocks, JavaScript, and Python. No environment setup required to write code for micro:bit, instead you need just a web browser to access the online editor, write your code and download it to micro:bit.

### Blocks and JavaScript
1. To write code using Blocks or JavaScript go to the online [MakeCode editor](#https://makecode.microbit.org/#)
2. Choose the desired language Blocks or JavaScript from the switch in the middle of the top bar.
3. Write your code
4. Click download to get a .hex file that can be used to program the micro:bit.
5. You can also choose to save the project in the editor. This will save the project in the browser you are using and only accessible from the same browser, using different browser or different computer you will not be able to access the projects.

### Python
1. To write code using Python go to the [online editor](https://python.microbit.org/v/1.1)
2. Write your code
3. Click download to get a .hex file that can be used to program the micro:bit
4. You can click on save to get python file (.py) of the source code
5. If you already have a .hex file or .py file you can load it by clicking on load button then choosing the file. Note: if you chose to load .hex file make sure you exported it using python editor not MakeCode Editor
